# Business-Application-Development-Project
I have developed a web application that is dynamic and database driven. I have learnt how to develop a secured and interactive ebusiness website. In addition, from this module I am now able to perform state management, debug web applications, and manipulate data using database access techniques. My group has developed, tested and implemented an innovative and interactive applications to solve real life problems using design thinking approach and agile process.

It includes functions such as CRUD, export of data, a basic dashboard, generating of QR code with the aid of 2 bootstraps template.

In this group project, I have developed a function for event management. The admin is able to create, read, update and delete events. It also allows the admin to have an overview of the events created, upcoming and past together with the attendance data. In addition, the admin is able to export the attendance data to a csv file. The customer will be able to view the event, register for the event, view any upcoming and past event, de-register the event, update the pax. I have also used email server to send emails to those that have registered for the events together with their ticket information in pdf format. In addition, the customers are also able to export their ticket information directly to their local downloads folder. Last but not least, if the admin decided to delete the event, those customers that is registered for the events will be automatically notified via email. 
